Kirsten add wallet (#528)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/build-wallets.md

---
id: wallets
title: Polkadot Wallets
sidebar_label: Polkadot Wallets
---

## Polkadot Wallets

> The integration of a [wallet](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/glossary#wallet) and Polkadot
> allows for simple and easy access to private keys and signing transactions. Polkadot.js.org,
> Parity's Signer app, and the Polkadot{.js} plugin are just a few of Polkadots own wallets created.
> Below are wallets that support Polkadot along with their development statuses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The integration of a [wallet](https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/en/glossary#wallet) with Polkadot
allows for simple and easy access to private keys and signing transactions. 
Below are some wallets that support Polkadot along with their development statuses.
Note that inclusion does not necessarily imply endorsement of that wallet.
```
